feat: add facet-based config engine crates (#4265)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: design/decisions/0012-facet-config.md

> # Facet-powered tedge config support

Reviewer: Did you write this doc yourself or has AI writing really improved? I was asking because it was a pleasant read and unlike the recent AI generated docs I didn't have to read each and every sentence multiple times to make sense out if it.

Author: Indeed, it was handwritten, with a bit of review (but no actual editing) from claude.

## Design

The proposed solution is based around the [facet](https://facet.rs) crate, which provides a mechanism for reflection in rust. This will allow us to define the configuration schema as a struct that implements the `Facet` trait, then implement the code to power `tedge config` in "normal" rust code, rather than through the macro.

There will still be a macro to generate the configuration schema, but it will be much simpler and will not generate any code for the `tedge config` command itself. This allows us to retain the benefits of nested struct syntax and the attributes we have for default values and examples.

### Why facet?

The root of the complexity in the existing macro is that it needs to generate a very large amount of infrastructure for supporting the `tedge config` command. There is something of a direct conflict here between the ability to interact with the configuration by setting a string key to a value to be parsed from a string, and the ability for the code to consume the config as a normal Rust struct.

> The macro currently needs to all the heavy lifting as we have no way to introspect the configuration schema at runtime. `facet` is a crate designed to provide a reflection mechanism in Rust. This means we can define a normal Rust struct for the schema, then introspect on it at runtime with normal Rust code. Moving the logic out of the macro will make it much simpler to understand what's going on - "normal" Rust functions are much easier to poke around with, and a simpler macro is easier to understand, e.g. by reading `cargo expand` output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The macro currently needs to do all the heavy lifting as we have no way to introspect the configuration schema at runtime. `facet` is a crate designed to provide a reflection mechanism in Rust. This means we can define a normal Rust struct for the schema, then introspect on it at runtime with normal Rust code. Moving the logic out of the macro will make it much simpler to understand what's going on - "normal" Rust functions are much easier to poke around with, and a simpler macro is easier to understand, e.g. by reading `cargo expand` output.
```

Author: New addressed

The validation for keys in `from_key` attributes also needs to be done at runtime. We can do this early in the process of constructing a DTO, so we catch any errors before it is used, and therefore lightweight tests that touch any of the configuration are sufficient to catch such issues.

With the `from_root` attribute, we can validate this when constructing the federated configuration (i.e. the object that contains both the mapper configuration and the core tedge configuration it depends upon). In this example, the fact we are able to do runtime validation is the very reason we _can_ support this federated configuration.

We need to ensure that the macro is adequately tested with negative tests in particular to ensure that invalid configurations are caught without depending on the consumer of the macro manually writing tests.

## Migration structure

The migration to the facet-powered configuration will be a large change, so the implementation will be done in a series of PRs to make it easier to review. These will be focused on providing meaningful externally observable behaviour changes in each PR.

> PR 1: Engine crates: The underlying logic for the macro and the `tedge config` command is implemented. This servers as the groundwork for the rest of the change. No changes to the existing `tedge config` behaviour is made in this PR, nor is the new engine wired into any production code paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PR 1: Engine crates: The underlying logic for the macro and the `tedge config` command is implemented. This serves the groundwork for the rest of the change. No changes to the existing `tedge config` behaviour is made in this PR, nor is the new engine wired into any production code paths.
```

Author: Now addressed
